You said everything on purpose to make me take revenge,
Isn’t that right? Yes,
All this is not your own self-reflection.
Indeed, you do have some strength in design,
But you have to think clearly.
A designer like you who has no background,
Even if the designer has two good works,
Without the company's knowledge, it is difficult to sell their products. Three things.
As long as you give the reason for designing for Anmei,
With the name Qiaoqiao, I can rest assured that I will not become a famous designer.
I promise I won't treat you wrong financially.
And even if he does a small project, he can also pick up shoes.
Think about it carefully
It's a condition of agreeing to us
Or should I kick you out of the company now?
Anyway, Designer Emily has already got it
You can't lose anything if you leave him now
Found it, I will continue
Then I can only be rude to you.
Mr. Lin, you're welcome.